Introduce QA role (#10)
OctopusDeploy/People: Engineering.md

- I am technically persuasive.
- I am proficient at delivering software projects using agile practices.

### I am a quality ambassador
- I contribute and provide feedback to engineering efforts so that the product is user-friendly, efficient, consistent, robust and meets expectations. 
- I use customer’s feedback and data to determine potential issues and apply it to improve future deliveries. 
- I identify gaps in the implementation processes and product and collaborate with the team to improve the overall system design. 
- I develop and maintain automated tests. 

> - I device strategies to make automated tests more accurate, reliable, reusable and extendable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I devise strategies to make automated tests more accurate, reliable, reusable and extendable. 
```

- I am actively involved in the retrospective process, and I am comfortable challenging and coaching my peers.
- I am mentoring another engineer, deliberately helping them to round out their skill set.
- I am sharing my on-the-job learning and experiences with others so they can be more effective in their roles.

## Quality Assurance Engineer

> I work with Octopus team members to improve the overall quality of the Octopus ecosystem. 

### I ensure Octopus can ship with confidence

> - I contribute and provide feedback to engineering efforts so that the product is user-friendly, efficient, consistent, robust and meets expectations. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- I contribute and provide feedback to product, design, and engineering activities so that the product is user-friendly, efficient, consistent, robust, and useful to customers.
```

- I use customer’s feedback and data to determine potential issues and apply it to improve future deliveries. 
- I identify gaps in the implementation processes and product and collaborate with the team to improve the overall system design. 
- I help other team members to achieve better business value.

> - I devise strategies to make automated tests more accurate, reliable, reusable and extendable. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- I devise strategies to make automated tests more accurate, reliable, reusable, and extendable. 
```

> - I use code reviews to coach on how to improve test coverage and apply better practices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- I use code reviews to coach on how to improve our tests and apply better practices.
```
